for you too as you can tell we are
playing apocalypse rising today I'll be
showing you how to hack their spawn
stuff in technically and speed at of
course alright so this was where I last
talked out doesn't really matter where
you are you should that's where I just
showing off
all right first you'll want to open your
cheat engine I've got six point three
but I think six one two will work
personally I have a list of apocalypse
rising codes see alright ready once
again now select the process your roblox
player beta it's the value top to float
scan for 16 are scan let's go out here
look around go to land
oh well fit in all over anyway on screen
now after you scan for 16 you'll want to
open your inventory go to cheat engine
again scan for 0 and close your
inventory back to cheat engine and scan
for 16 there they'll usually be two or
three of them and the third two or three
of them that are just 16 like this one
then you'll have to change each one
individually to find out which one is it
now you want to double click that make
it active and change the value top to 25
anything under 25 or up to 25 will work
and as you can tell I'm moving faster
than I would if I was at 16 here I'll
show you
you can also change it back to 16 if you
want see if there's 16 there's 25 now if
I can go find a secondary or you will
I'll show you the spawning hack
although there are probably tons of
videos on YouTube all over it about this
but I just figured I would want to make
one for myself as a zombie by secondary
preferably Oh someone's in here looks
like now okay okay that was weird
I'm just not going to waste my ammo on
them just slice and dice let's look for
a secondary oh crap what sorry if I seem
a bit unprofessional I just don't have
my bar set up down there let's go get to
is because I'm going to have to use one
time I picked up two but okay seeing
them in there Beth in there well
there's probably a way to do this with
any thing in your inventory what all of
those my binoculars refer to but
personally I like using a secondary
because if you have a good primary you
don't really need a secondary you can
just use your Sabre for zombies any
pistol will work you just got to know
the code all right now let's get a
little bit in here we'll want to do a
new scan set the value top to 4 then
we'll go look up the code for the model
625 which is the gun I picked up it's
right there go to your inventory and
drop it or store it doesn't matter as
long as it's out of your inventory there
should be two of them double click them
both go pick up the gun again they can
both active and personally I like to try
and see which one is the right one okay
so you see the top one is then you just
got to top in the codes for whatever you
want see I already have an MRE in waters
codes memorized but you can spawn
anything but backpacks and for some
reason I don't have the code for the
model 4 5 9 or the laser shot but that's
just about all all right have fun
hacking you do as soon as I can find out
a close this